SI often take books from the school library. The library is helpful when I have to make a report or when I need information on some subjects. The choice of books in our school library is very good. There are many short stories and novels, textbooks and reference books, dictionaries and encyclopedias there.
A book is one of the greatest wonders of world. Why are so many people fond of reading? The world of books is full of wonders. You and characters of books can find yourselves in different countries and have a lot of adventures. The book is a faithful friend. They form our values and characters.
The educational system in Kazakhstan is conducted in two languages - Kazakh and Russian and consists of several levels of state and private educational establishments: infant schools, elementary (or primary) schools, comprehensive schools, colleges and academies. The constitution of the Republic of Kazakhstan fixes the right of citizens of the republic on free-of-charge secondary education which is obligatory.
English belongs to the Teutonic or Germanic branch of the Indo-European family of the languages. It is only in the course of the last hundred years that English has become a world language. In Shakespeare's time it was a provincial language of secondary importance with only 6 million native speakers. Nowadays English has become the world's most important language in politics and science.
When a person is small, he of course goes to school there people get knowledge which is useful for nowadays world. Some pupils claim, that homework which teaches give us is necessary while other argue that teachers give us lots of homework and we have no time to do it properly. Let`s look upon this problem objectively.
People reflect their lives in art. Real, live art appeals to the heart and mind of every person, to their feelings and ideals, it proclaims life. Art is truthful only when it serves life, only when the artist hopes to arouse a warm response in the heart of a person. That was the case in the days of Giotto and Raphael, that was the case in the subsequent stages of the world's artistic development.
I am fond of good books and good music, and when I have some time to spare, I like to go to the theatre or a concert. There are more than a dozen very good orchestras in Britain and some of them are world famous. Orchestras in Britain have no concert halls of their own, but play in halls rented from local authorities or private companies. There are 2 big concert halls in London.
Painters use a number of materials to produce the effects they need. These include the materials of the surface, or ground; the pigments employed; the binder, or medium, in which the color is mixed; and its diluting agent. Among the various media used by artists are fresco , watercolor , oil, distemper, gouache, tempera , and encaustic.
In English homes, the fireplace has always been, until recent times, the focal point in the room. People may like to sit at a window on a summer day, but for many cold months of the year they like to sit round the fire and watch the dancing flames. In the Middle Ages the fireplaces in the halls of large castles were very wide.
Centuries ago there were only a few jobs: people were farmers, bakers, butchers or salesmen. Today there are thousands of different kinds of jobs, and new ones are constantly appearing. And the problem of choosing the future profession has always been very important and difficult matter because it determines our future life in many ways.